CORE
BARCLAYS
Equity Research | Instant Insights
4 November 2021
Completed: 05-Nov-21, 01:29 GM
Released: 05-Nov-21, 01:29 GM
Tracy Benguigui
+1 212 526 1561
Alex Rakow
+1 212 526 9436
tracy.benguigui@barclays.com
alexander.rakow@barclays.com
AIG, Inc.
3Q21 First Look
Stock Rating/Industry View: Equal Weight/Positive
Price Target: USD 59.00
Price (04-Nov-2021): USD 60.39
Potential Upside/Downside: - 2%
Tickers: AIG
Our Takeaway
BCI, US
BCI, US
A
Operating EPS of $0.97 was below our $0.99 estimate and above the $0.89 Street estimate. Relative to our
estimates, robust NA and Intl commercial premium growth and slightly better underlying underwriting margin
expansion in GI were offset by lower than expected adjusted pre-tax income in L&R and largely anticipated
strong NII on elevated levels of alts investment income from PE.
After adjusting significant variances Operating EPS would have been $1.22. On the revenue side,
better than expected after-tax alternative returns of $483mn contributed $0.45 to EPS and worse than
expected FV change on fixed maturity securities detracted $14mn, -$0.01 from EPS. On the expense side, add
backs included cat losses of $646mn, +$0.60 to EPS and the annual actuarial assumption update charge of
$166mn, +$0.15 to EPS; reinstatement premiums of $10mn, -$0.01 to EPS and favorable PYD of $50mn,
-$0.05 from EPS. We will learn more on the earnings call of its above trend-COVID 19 losses within L&R.
Highlights:
Prior year reserve development: In total, AIG recorded $50mn favorable. Looking through the moving parts,
we are paying attention to the $343mn unfavorable development within NA commercial and
unfavorable $210mn within International commercial lines, mostly attributable to Global Financial Lines
per accident years 2016 through 2018. Keep in mind, for NA that figure is net of favorable PYD from workers'
compensation. We are watching these accident years that predated some of AIG's remediation efforts and are
post its ADC (2015 and prior). With Mark Lyons going back in the Global Chief Actuary role next year we would
like to know if we should anticipate any changes to reserving practices.
Underwriting: Compared to the prior quarter, GI's underlying CR (90.5%) improved ~60 bps sequentially
(91.1% in 2Q21) and was better than our 3Q estimate (91.3%). AIG appears to be tracking to achieve an
underlying CR in General Insurance (GI) under 90% by YE22. While margin expansion is noteworthy, it is less
than other 3Q prints we have seen. Within GI, AIG recorded $628mn of net cats in 3Q21 (vs. our estimate of
$768mn).
While we usually pay more attention to commercial lines performance, we note that AIG has shown nice
underlying margin expansion within NA personal (AYLR ex cat of 57.5% in 3Q21, an improvement from 60.9%
in 2Q21 and 60.8% in 3Q20).
Strong Commercial Growth: NA Commercial and Intl Commercial NPW were up considerably +18% y/y and
+15% y/y, respectively.
Capital deployment: AIG repurchased ~$1.1bn in 3Q21, above our estimate of $1bn. Debt redemptions
totaled 1.5bn (4.875% Notes due 2022) in 3Q21. AIG aims to repurchase $2bn of shares and redeem $2.5bn of
debt before YE21. Parent company liquidity fell to $5.3bn in 3Q21 from $7.2bn at 2Q21.
AIG and Blackstone announced on November 2nd the closing of Blackstone's acquisition of a 9.9% equity stake
for $2.2bn in AIG's L&R business. Blackstone will also manage an initial $50bn of L&R existing investment
portfolio (expected to increase incrementally to ~$92.5bn over the next six years).
3Q21 Key Metrics
download image
Source: Barclays Research and Company Data.
AIG 3Q21 Earnings Call
Lookout
. Changing of the Guard: Gaining a better understanding of the rationale behind the transition of current
CFO Mark Lyons to Global Chief Actuary and Head of Portfolio Management, AIG, and potentially hearing
from his successor as CFO, AIG, Shane Fitzsimons. The transition becomes effective January 1, 2022. We will
like to better understand how Mark Lyon's role will compliment or overlap David McElroy, Head of GI.
· L&R separation: Size of IPO driven by market conditions, likely a 1Q event. Now that AIG expects to fully
consume its foreign tax credits in 2022 the company is no longer limited to a minority offering size.
·· L&R management team taking shape: Effective October 25th, Elias Habayeb was named CFO,
L&R. Previous role was CFO, GI and Deputy CFO, AIG.
· Capital Management: We don't anticipate any changes to capital deployment priorities: debt repayment,
share repurchases, and utilizing underwriting capacity to grow in hard market. M&A seems to rank lower.
· LME: $2.5bn of debt redemptions is the first cut in 2H21. A debt-driven special dividend from L&R will be
the second cut. Part two: approaching ultimate targets of 25% leverage for AIG, Inc. and 25-30% at L&R can
be self-funded through IPO raise, hold co liquidity consumption would be make whole provisions/tenders.
Conference Call Details
3Q21 earnings call on Friday, November 5th at 8:30AM EST. The webcast can be viewed on
https://www.aig.com/investor-relations.
Restricted - External
Analyst(s) Certification(s):
I, Tracy Benguigui, hereby certify (1) that the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my
personal views about any or all of the subject securities or issuers referred to in this research report and (2)
no part of my compensation was, is or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or
views expressed in this research report.
Important Disclosures:
Barclays Capital Inc. and/or one of its affiliates does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its
research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that
could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in
making their investment decision.
Barclays Research is produced by the Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC and its affiliates (collectively
and each individually, "Barclays"). All authors contributing to this research report are Research Analysts
unless otherwise indicated. The publication date at the top of the report reflects the local time where the
report was produced and may differ from the release date provided in GMT.
Availability of Disclosures:
Where any companies are the subject of this research report, for current important disclosures regarding
those companies please refer to https://publicresearch.barclays.com or alternatively send a written request
to: Barclays Research Compliance, 745 Seventh Avenue, 13th Floor, New York, NY 10019 or call +1-212-526-
1072.
The analysts responsible for preparing this research report have received compensation based upon various
factors including the firm's total revenues, a portion of which is generated by investment banking activities,
the profitability and revenues of the Markets business and the potential interest of the firm's investing clients
in research with respect to the asset class covered by the analyst.
Analysts regularly conduct site visits to view the material operations of covered companies, but Barclays
policy prohibits them from accepting payment or reimbursement by any covered company of their travel
expenses for such visits.
Barclays Research Department produces various types of research including, but not limited to, fundamental
analysis, equity-linked analysis, quantitative analysis, and trade ideas. Recommendations contained in one
type of Barclays Research may differ from those contained in other types of Barclays Research, whether as a
result of differing time horizons, methodologies, or otherwise.
In order to access Barclays Statement regarding Research Dissemination Policies and Procedures, please
refer to https://publicresearch.barcap.com/S/RD.htm. In order to access Barclays Research Conflict
Management Policy Statement, please refer to: https://publicresearch.barcap.com/S/CM.htm.
Risk Disclosure(s)
Master limited partnerships (MLPs) are pass-through entities structured as publicly listed partnerships. For
tax purposes, distributions to MLP unit holders may be treated as a return of principal. Investors should
consult their own tax advisors before investing in MLP units.
Disclosure(s) regarding Information Sources
Copyright C (2021) Sustainalytics. Sustainalytics retains ownership and all intellectual property rights in its
proprietary information and data that may be included in this report. Any Sustainalytics' information and data
included herein may not be copied or redistributed, is intended for informational purposes only, does not
constitute investment advice and is not warranted to be complete, timely and accurate. Sustainalytics'
information and data is subject to conditions available at https://www.sustainalytics.com/legal-disclaimers/
Bloomberg® is a trademark and service mark of Bloomberg Finance L.P. and its affiliates (collectively
"Bloomberg") and the Bloomberg Indices are trademarks of Bloomberg. Bloomberg or Bloomberg's licensors
own all proprietary rights in the Bloomberg Indices. Bloomberg does not approve or endorse this material, or
guarantee the accuracy or completeness of any information herein, or make any warranty, express or
implied, as to the results to be obtained therefrom and, to the maximum extent allowed by law, Bloomberg
shall have no liability or responsibility for injury or damages arising in connection therewith.
Mentioned Stocks (Ticker, Date, Price)
AIG, Inc. (AIG, 04-Nov-2021, USD 60.39), Equal Weight/Positive, A/CD/CE/E/J/K/L/M/N
Valuation Methodology: Our Equal Weight rating and $59 price target are based on a 50/50 weighted
average of 11x our 2022 EPS estimate of $5.25 and 0.8x YE22 estimated book value per share (ex-AOCI) of
$74.6. Our target multiples for AIG are below the P/C insurance group given we expect lower ROEs,
especially for GI standalone.
Risks which May Impede the Achievement of the Barclays Research Valuation and Price Target:
Potential calls on capital to complete a separation. Expansion of underwriting risk appetite too fast too soon
and/or over exuberance at hardening pricing that falter AIG's resolve to walk away from business that does
not meet risk return hurdles. Unexpected adverse reserve development which would not only impair earnings
or capital but undermine the creditability of its underwriting remediation actions to date. Ultimately we think
a smaller capital base post separation may temper AIG's ability to compete at the upper end of the market
where we see less trading partners.
Ratings and Price Target History:
AIG, Inc.
Currency=USD
AIG
Source: IDC, Barclays Research
Publication Date
12-Oct-2021
57.40
09-Aug-2021
51.85
53.00
12-Jul-2021
47.44
50.00
10-May-2021
51.92
53.00
17-Mar-2021
47.67
12-Jan-2021
41.00
16-Nov-2020
38.49
22-Jan-2020
52.26
02-Oct-2019
53.47
07-Aug-2019
54.41
21-May-2019
52.50
09-Jan-2019
41.16
12-Nov-2018
42.47
Closing Price
Rating
Equal Weight
67.00
Coverage Dropped
39.00
Adjusted Price Target
59.00
47.00
18-Feb-2021
42.11
43.00
41.00
65.00
60.00
50.00
62.00
On 04-Nov-2018, prior to any intra-day change that may have been published, the rating for this security
was Overweight, and the adjusted price target was 71.00.
Source: Bloomberg, Barclays Research
Historical stock prices and price targets may have been adjusted for stock splits and dividends.
Unless otherwise indicated, prices are sourced from Bloomberg and reflect the closing price in the relevant
trading market, which may not be the last available price at the time of publication.
Disclosure Legend:
A: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate has been lead manager or co-lead manager of a publicly disclosed
offer of securities of the issuer in the previous 12 months.
B: An employee or non-executive director of Barclays PLC is a director of this issuer.
CD: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate is a market-maker in debt securities issued by this issuer.
CE: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate is a market-maker in equity securities issued by this issuer.
D: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate has received compensation for investment banking services from this
issuer in the past 12 months.
E: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment
banking services from this issuer within the next 3 months.
FA: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate beneficially owns 1% or more of a class of equity securities of this
issuer, as calculated in accordance with US regulations.
FB: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate beneficially owns a long position of more than 0.5% of a class of
equity securities of this issuer, as calculated in accordance with EU regulations.
FC: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate beneficially owns a short position of more than 0.5% of a class of
equity securities of this issuer, as calculated in accordance with EU regulations.
FD: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate beneficially owns 1% or more of a class of equity securities of this
issuer, as calculated in accordance with South Korean regulations.
GD: One of the Research Analysts on the fundamental credit coverage team (and/or a member of his or her
household) has a long position in the common equity securities of this issuer.
GE: One of the Research Analysts on the fundamental equity coverage team (and/or a member of his or her
household) has a long position in the common equity securities of this issuer.
H: This issuer beneficially owns more than 5% of any class of common equity securities of Barclays PLC.
I: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate is party to an agreement with this issuer for the provision of financial
services to Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate.
J: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate is a liquidity provider and/or trades regularly in the securities of this
issuer and/or in any related derivatives.
K: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate has received non-investment banking related compensation
(including compensation for brokerage services, if applicable) from this issuer within the past 12 months.
L: This issuer is, or during the past 12 months has been, an investment banking client of Barclays Bank PLC
and/or an affiliate.
M: This issuer is, or during the past 12 months has been, a non-investment banking client (securities related
services) of Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate.
N: This issuer is, or during the past 12 months has been, a non-investment banking client (non-securities
related services) of Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate.
O: Not in use.
P: A partner, director or officer of Barclays Capital Canada Inc. has, during the preceding 12 months,
provided services to the subject company for remuneration, other than normal course investment advisory or
trade execution services.
Q: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate is a Corporate Broker to this issuer.
R: Barclays Capital Canada Inc. and/or an affiliate has received compensation for investment banking
services from this issuer in the past 12 months.
S: This issuer is a Corporate Broker to Barclays PLC.
T: Barclays Bank PLC and/or an affiliate is providing equity advisory services to this issuer.
U: The equity securities of this Canadian issuer include subordinate voting restricted shares.
V: The equity securities of this Canadian issuer include non-voting restricted shares.
Guide to the Barclays Fundamental Equity Research Rating System:
Our coverage analysts use a relative rating system in which they rate stocks as Overweight, Equal Weight or
Underweight (see definitions below) relative to other companies covered by the analyst or a team of analysts
that are deemed to be in the same industry ("the industry coverage universe"). To see a list of companies
that comprise a particular industry coverage universe, please go to https://publicresearch.barclays.com.
In addition to the stock rating, we provide industry views which rate the outlook for the industry coverage
universe as Positive, Neutral or Negative (see definitions below). A rating system using terms such as buy,
hold and sell is not the equivalent of our rating system. Investors should carefully read the entire research
report including the definitions of all ratings and not infer its contents from ratings alone.
Stock Rating
Overweight - The stock is expected to outperform the unweighted expected total return of the industry
coverage universe over a 12-month investment horizon.
Equal Weight - The stock is expected to perform in line with the unweighted expected total return of the
industry coverage universe over a 12-month investment horizon.
Underweight - The stock is expected to underperform the unweighted expected total return of the industry
coverage universe over a 12-month investment horizon.
Rating Suspended - The rating and target price have been suspended temporarily due to market events
that made coverage impracticable or to comply with applicable regulations and/or firm policies in certain
circumstances including where the Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC is acting in an advisory capacity in
a merger or strategic transaction involving the company.
Industry View
Positive - industry coverage universe fundamentals/valuations are improving.
Neutral - industry coverage universe fundamentals/valuations are steady, neither improving nor
deteriorating.
Negative - industry coverage universe fundamentals/valuations are deteriorating.
Distribution of Ratings:
Barclays Equity Research has 1787 companies under coverage.
50% have been assigned an Overweight rating which, for purposes of mandatory regulatory disclosures, is
classified as a Buy rating; 51% of companies with this rating are investment banking clients of the Firm; 72%
of the issuers with this rating have received financial services from the Firm.
33% have been assigned an Equal Weight rating which, for purposes of mandatory regulatory disclosures, is
classified as a Hold rating; 45% of companies with this rating are investment banking clients of the Firm;
69% of the issuers with this rating have received financial services from the Firm.
13% have been assigned an Underweight rating which, for purposes of mandatory regulatory disclosures, is
classified as a Sell rating; 36% of companies with this rating are investment banking clients of the Firm; 63%
of the issuers with this rating have received financial services from the Firm.
Guide to the Barclays Research Price Target:
Each analyst has a single price target on the stocks that they cover. The price target represents that analyst's
expectation of where the stock will trade in the next 12 months. Upside/downside scenarios, where provided,
represent potential upside/potential downside to each analyst's price target over the same 12-month period.
Top Picks:
Barclays Equity Research's "Top Picks" represent the single best alpha-generating investment idea within
each industry (as defined by the relevant "industry coverage universe"), taken from among the Overweight-
rated stocks within that industry. While analysts may highlight other Overweight-rated stocks in their
published research in addition to their Top Pick, there can only be one "Top Pick" for each industry. To view
the current list of Top Picks, go to the Top Picks page on Barclays Live
(https://live.barcap.com/go/keyword/TopPicks).
To see a list of companies that comprise a particular industry coverage universe, please go to
https://publicresearch.barclays.com.
Types of investment recommendations produced by Barclays Equity Research:
In addition to any ratings assigned under Barclays' formal rating systems, this publication may contain
investment recommendations in the form of trade ideas, thematic screens, scorecards or portfolio
recommendations that have been produced by analysts within Equity Research. Any such investment
recommendations shall remain open until they are subsequently amended, rebalanced or closed in a future
research report.
Barclays may also re-distribute equity research reports produced by third-party research providers that
contain recommendations that differ from and/or conflict with those published by Barclays' Equity Research
Department.
Disclosure of other investment recommendations produced by Barclays Equity Research:
Barclays Equity Research may have published other investment recommendations in respect of the same
securities/instruments recommended in this research report during the preceding 12 months. To view all
investment recommendations published by Barclays Equity Research in the preceding 12 months please refer
to https://live.barcap.com/go/research/Recommendations.
Legal entities involved in producing Barclays Research:
Barclays Bank PLC (Barclays, UK)
Barclays Capital Inc. (BCI, US)
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Frankfurt Branch (BBI, Frankfurt)
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Paris Branch (BBI, Paris)
Barclays Bank Ireland PLC, Milan Branch (BBI, Milan)
Barclays Securities Japan Limited (BSJL, Japan)
Barclays Bank PLC, Hong Kong Branch (Barclays Bank, Hong Kong)
Barclays Capital Canada Inc. (BCCI, Canada)
Barclays Bank Mexico, S.A. (BBMX, Mexico)
Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. (BCCB, Mexico)
Barclays Securities (India) Private Limited (BSIPL, India)
Barclays Bank PLC, India Branch (Barclays Bank, India)
Barclays Bank PLC, Singapore Branch (Barclays Bank, Singapore)
Barclays Bank PLC, DIFC Branch (Barclays Bank, DIFC)
Disclaimer:
This publication has been produced by Barclays Research Department in the Investment Bank of Barclays
Bank PLC and/or one or more of its affiliates (collectively and each individually, "Barclays").
It has been prepared for institutional investors and not for retail investors. It has been distributed by one or
more Barclays affiliated legal entities listed below or by an independent and non-affiliated third-party entity
(as may be communicated to you by such third-party entity in its communications with you). It is provided
for information purposes only, and Barclays makes no express or implied warranties, and expressly disclaims
all warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or use with respect to any data included in
this publication. To the extent that this publication states on the front page that it is intended for institutional
investors and is not subject to all of the independence and disclosure standards applicable to debt research
reports prepared for retail investors under U.S. FINRA Rule 2242, it is an "institutional debt research report"
and distribution to retail investors is strictly prohibited. Barclays also distributes such institutional debt
research reports to various issuers, media, regulatory and academic organisations for their own internal
informational news gathering, regulatory or academic purposes and not for the purpose of making
investment decisions regarding any debt securities. Media organisations are prohibited from re-publishing any
opinion or recommendation concerning a debt issuer or debt security contained in any Barclays institutional
debt research report. Any such recipients that do not want to continue receiving Barclays institutional debt
research reports should contact debtresearch@barclays.com. Clients that are subscribed to receive equity
research reports, will not receive certain cross asset research reports co-authored by equity and FICC
research analysts that are distributed as "institutional debt research reports" unless they have agreed to
accept such reports. Eligible clients may get access to such cross asset reports by contacting
debtresearch@barclays.com. Barclays will not treat unauthorized recipients of this report as its clients and
accepts no liability for use by them of the contents which may not be suitable for their personal use. Prices
shown are indicative and Barclays is not offering to buy or sell or soliciting offers to buy or sell any financial
instrument.
Without limiting any of the foregoing and to the extent permitted by law, in no event shall Barclays, nor any
affiliate, nor any of their respective officers, directors, partners, or employees have any liability for (a) any
special, punitive, indirect, or consequential damages; or (b) any lost profits, lost revenue, loss of anticipated
savings or loss of opportunity or other financial loss, even if notified of the possibility of such damages,
arising from any use of this publication or its contents.
Other than disclosures relating to Barclays, the information contained in this publication has been obtained
from sources that Barclays Research believes to be reliable, but Barclays does not represent or warrant that
it is accurate or complete. Barclays is not responsible for, and makes no warranties whatsoever as to, the
information or opinions contained in any written, electronic, audio or video presentations of third parties that
are accessible via a direct hyperlink in this publication or via a hyperlink to a third-party web site ('Third-
Party Content'). Any such Third-Party Content has not been adopted or endorsed by Barclays, does not
represent the views or opinions of Barclays, and is not incorporated by reference into this publication. Third-
Party Content is provided for information purposes only and Barclays has not independently verified its
accuracy or completeness.
The views in this publication are solely and exclusively those of the authoring analyst(s) and are subject to
change, and Barclays Research has no obligation to update its opinions or the information in this publication.
Unless otherwise disclosed herein, the analysts who authored this report have not received any compensation
from the subject companies in the past 12 months. If this publication contains recommendations, they are
general recommendations that were prepared independently of any other interests, including those of
Barclays and/or its affiliates, and/or the subject companies. This publication does not contain personal
investment recommendations or investment advice or take into account the individual financial circumstances
or investment objectives of the clients who receive it. Barclays is not a fiduciary to any recipient of this
publication. The securities and other investments discussed herein may not be suitable for all investors and
may not be available for purchase in all jurisdictions. The United States imposed sanctions on certain Chinese
companies (https://home.treasury.gov/policy-issues/financial-sanctions/sanctions-programs-and-country-
information/chinese-military-companies-sanctions), which may restrict U.S. persons from purchasing
securities issued by those companies. Investors must independently evaluate the merits and risks of the
investments discussed herein, including any sanctions restrictions that may apply, consult any independent
advisors they believe necessary, and exercise independent judgment with regard to any investment decision.
The value of and income from any investment may fluctuate from day to day as a result of changes in
relevant economic markets (including changes in market liquidity). The information herein is not intended to
predict actual results, which may differ substantially from those reflected. Past performance is not necessarily
indicative of future results. The information provided does not constitute a financial benchmark and should
not be used as a submission or contribution of input data for the purposes of determining a financial
benchmark.
Third Party Distribution: Any views expressed in this communication are solely those of Barclays and have
not been adopted or endorsed by any third party distributor.
United Kingdom: This document is being distributed (1) only by or with the approval of an authorised
person (Barclays Bank PLC) or (2) to, and is directed at (a) persons in the United Kingdom having
professional experience in matters relating to investments and who fall within the definition of "investment
professionals" in Article 19(5) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order
2005 (the "Order"); or (b) high net worth companies, unincorporated associations and partnerships and
trustees of high value trusts as described in Article 49(2) of the Order; or (c) other persons to whom it may
otherwise lawfully be communicated (all such persons being "Relevant Persons"). Any investment or
investment activity to which this communication relates is only available to and will only be engaged in with
Relevant Persons. Any other persons who receive this communication should not rely on or act upon it.
Barclays Bank PLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority and regulated by the Financial
Conduct Authority and the Prudential Regulation Authority and is a member of the London Stock Exchange.
European Economic Area ("EEA"): This material is being distributed to any "Authorised User" located in a
Restricted EEA Country by Barclays Bank Ireland PLC. The Restricted EEA Countries are Austria, Bulgaria,
Estonia, Finland, Hungary, Iceland, Liechtenstein, Lithuania, Luxembourg, Malta, Portugal, Romania, Slovakia
and Slovenia. For any other "Authorised User" located in a country of the European Economic Area, this
material is being distributed by Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank Ireland PLC is a bank authorised by the
Central Bank of Ireland whose registered office is at 1 Molesworth Street, Dublin 2, Ireland. Barclays Bank
PLC is not registered in France with the Autorité des marchés financiers or the Autorité de contrôle
prudentiel. Authorised User means each individual associated with the Client who is notified by the Client to
Barclays and authorised to use the Research Services. The Restricted EEA Countries will be amended if
required.
Americas: The Investment Bank of Barclays Bank PLC undertakes U.S. securities business in the name of its
wholly owned subsidiary Barclays Capital Inc., a FINRA and SIPC member. Barclays Capital Inc., a U.S.
registered broker/dealer, is distributing this material in the United States and, in connection therewith
accepts responsibility for its contents. Any U.S. person wishing to effect a transaction in any security
discussed herein should do so only by contacting a representative of Barclays Capital Inc. in the U.S. at 745
Seventh Avenue, New York, New York 10019.
Non-U.S. persons should contact and execute transactions through a Barclays Bank PLC branch or affiliate in
their home jurisdiction unless local regulations permit otherwise.
This material is distributed in Canada by Barclays Capital Canada Inc., a registered investment dealer, a
Dealer Member of IIROC (www.iiroc.ca), and a Member of the Canadian Investor Protection Fund (CIPF).
This material is distributed in Mexico by Barclays Bank Mexico, S.A. and/or Barclays Capital Casa de Bolsa,
S.A. de C.V. This material is distributed in the Cayman Islands and in the Bahamas by Barclays Capital Inc.,
which it is not licensed or registered to conduct and does not conduct business in, from or within those
jurisdictions and has not filed this material with any regulatory body in those jurisdictions.
Japan: This material is being distributed to institutional investors in Japan by Barclays Securities Japan
Limited. Barclays Securities Japan Limited is a joint-stock company incorporated in Japan with registered
office of 6-10-1 Roppongi, Minato-ku, Tokyo 106-6131, Japan. It is a subsidiary of Barclays Bank PLC and a
registered financial instruments firm regulated by the Financial Services Agency of Japan. Registered
Number: Kanto Zaimukyokucho (kinsho) No. 143.
Asia Pacific (excluding Japan): Barclays Bank PLC, Hong Kong Branch is distributing this material in Hong
Kong as an authorised institution regulated by the Hong Kong Monetary Authority. Registered Office: 41/F,
Cheung Kong Center, 2 Queen's Road Central, Hong Kong.
All Indian securities-related research and other equity research produced by Barclays' Investment Bank are
distributed in India by Barclays Securities (India) Private Limited (BSIPL). BSIPL is a company incorporated
under the Companies Act, 1956 having CIN U67120MH2006PTC161063. BSIPL is registered and regulated by
the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) as a Research Analyst: INH000001519; Portfolio Manager
INP000002585; Stock Broker INZ000269539 (member of NSE and BSE); Depository Participant with the
National Securities & Depositories Limited (NSDL): DP ID: IN-DP-NSDL-299-2008; Investment Adviser:
INA000000391. BSIPL is also registered as a Mutual Fund Advisor having AMFI ARN No. 53308.The registered
office of BSIPL is at 208, Ceejay House, Shivsagar Estate, Dr. A. Besant Road, Worli, Mumbai - 400 018,
India. Telephone No: +91 22 67196363. Fax number: +91 22 67196399. Any other reports produced by
Barclays' Investment Bank are distributed in India by Barclays Bank PLC, India Branch, an associate of BSIPL
in India that is registered with Reserve Bank of India (RBI) as a Banking Company under the provisions of
The Banking Regulation Act, 1949 (Regn No BOM43) and registered with SEBI as Merchant Banker (Regn No
INM000002129) and also as Banker to the Issue (Regn No INBI00000950). Barclays Investments and Loans
(India) Limited, registered with RBI as Non Banking Financial Company (Regn No RBI CoR-07-00258), and
Barclays Wealth Trustees (India) Private Limited, registered with Registrar of Companies (CIN
U93000MH2008PTC188438), are associates of BSIPL in India that are not authorised to distribute any reports
produced by Barclays' Investment Bank.
This material is distributed in Singapore by the Singapore Branch of Barclays Bank PLC, a bank licensed in
Singapore by the Monetary Authority of Singapore. For matters in connection with this material, recipients in
Singapore may contact the Singapore branch of Barclays Bank PLC, whose registered address is 10 Marina
Boulevard, #23-01 Marina Bay Financial Centre Tower 2, Singapore 018983.
This material, where distributed to persons in Australia, is produced or provided by Barclays Bank PLC.
This communication is directed at persons who are a "Wholesale Client" as defined by the Australian
Corporations Act 2001.
Please note that the Australian Securities and Investments Commission (ASIC) has provided certain
exemptions to Barclays Bank PLC (BBPLC) under paragraph 911A(2)(I) of the Corporations Act 2001 from the
requirement to hold an Australian financial services licence (AFSL) in respect of financial services provided to
Australian Wholesale Clients, on the basis that BBPLC is authorised by the Prudential Regulation Authority of
the United Kingdom (PRA) and regulated by the Financial Conduct Authority (FCA) of the United Kingdom and
the PRA under United Kingdom laws. The United Kingdom has laws which differ from Australian laws. To the
extent that this communication involves the provision of financial services by BBPLC to Australian Wholesale
Clients, BBPLC relies on the relevant exemption from the requirement to hold an AFSL. Accordingly, BBPLC
does not hold an AFSL.
This communication may be distributed to you by either: (i) Barclays Bank PLC directly or (ii) Barrenjoey
Markets Pty Limited (ACN 636 976 059, "Barrenjoey"), the holder of Australian Financial Services Licence
(AFSL) 521800, a non-affiliated third party distributor, where clearly identified to you by Barrenjoey.
Barrenjoey is not an agent of Barclays Bank PLC.
This material, where distributed in New Zealand, is produced or provided by Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays
Bank PLC is not registered, filed with or approved by any New Zealand regulatory authority. This material is
not provided under or in accordance with the Financial Markets Conduct Act of 2013 ("FMCA"), and is not a
disclosure document or "financial advice" under the FMCA. This material is distributed to you by either: (i)
Barclays Bank PLC directly or (ii) Barrenjoey Markets Pty Limited ("Barrenjoey"), a non-affiliated third party
distributor, where clearly identified to you by Barrenjoey. Barrenjoey is not an agent of Barclays Bank PLC.
This material may only be distributed to "wholesale investors" that meet the "investment business",
"investment activity", "large", or "government agency" criteria specified in Schedule 1 of the FMCA.
Middle East: Nothing herein should be considered investment advice as defined in the Israeli Regulation of
Investment Advisory, Investment Marketing and Portfolio Management Law, 1995 ("Advisory Law"). This
document is being made to eligible clients (as defined under the Advisory Law) only. Barclays Israeli branch
previously held an investment marketing license with the Israel Securities Authority but it cancelled such
license on 30/11/2014 as it solely provides its services to eligible clients pursuant to available exemptions
under the Advisory Law, therefore a license with the Israel Securities Authority is not required. Accordingly,
Barclays does not maintain an insurance coverage pursuant to the Advisory Law.
This material is distributed in the United Arab Emirates (including the Dubai International Financial Centre)
and Qatar by Barclays Bank PLC. Barclays Bank PLC in the Dubai International Financial Centre (Registered
No. 0060) is regulated by the Dubai Financial Services Authority (DFSA). Principal place of business in the
Dubai International Financial Centre: The Gate Village, Building 4, Level 4, PO Box 506504, Dubai, United
Arab Emirates. Barclays Bank PLC-DIFC Branch, may only undertake the financial services activities that fall
within the scope of its existing DFSA licence. Related financial products or services are only available to
Professional Clients, as defined by the Dubai Financial Services Authority. Barclays Bank PLC in the UAE is
regulated by the Central Bank of the UAE and is licensed to conduct business activities as a branch of a
commercial bank incorporated outside the UAE in Dubai (Licence No .: 13/1844/2008, Registered Office:
Building No. 6, Burj Dubai Business Hub, Sheikh Zayed Road, Dubai City) and Abu Dhabi (Licence No .:
13/952/2008, Registered Office: Al Jazira Towers, Hamdan Street, PO Box 2734, Abu Dhabi). This material
does not constitute or form part of any offer to issue or sell, or any solicitation of any offer to subscribe for or
purchase, any securities or investment products in the UAE (including the Dubai International Financial
Centre) and accordingly should not be construed as such. Furthermore, this information is being made
available on the basis that the recipient acknowledges and understands that the entities and securities to
which it may relate have not been approved, licensed by or registered with the UAE Central Bank, the Dubai
Financial Services Authority or any other relevant licensing authority or governmental agency in the UAE. The
content of this report has not been approved by or filed with the UAE Central Bank or Dubai Financial
Services Authority. Barclays Bank PLC in the Qatar Financial Centre (Registered No. 00018) is authorised by
the Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority (QFCRA). Barclays Bank PLC-QFC Branch may only undertake
the regulated activities that fall within the scope of its existing QFCRA licence. Principal place of business in
Qatar: Qatar Financial Centre, Office 1002, 10th Floor, QFC Tower, Diplomatic Area, West Bay, PO Box 15891,
Doha, Qatar. Related financial products or services are only available to Business Customers as defined by the
Qatar Financial Centre Regulatory Authority.
Russia: This material is not intended for investors who are not Qualified Investors according to the laws of
the Russian Federation as it might contain information about or description of the features of financial
instruments not admitted for public offering and/or circulation in the Russian Federation and thus not eligible
for non-Qualified Investors. If you are not a Qualified Investor according to the laws of the Russian
Federation, please dispose of any copy of this material in your possession.
IRS Circular 230 Prepared Materials Disclaimer: Barclays does not provide tax advice and nothing
contained herein should be construed to be tax advice. Please be advised that any discussion of U.S. tax
matters contained herein (including any attachments) (i) is not intended or written to be used, and cannot be
used, by you for the purpose of avoiding U.S. tax-related penalties; and (ii) was written to support the
promotion or marketing of the transactions or other matters addressed herein. Accordingly, you should seek
advice based on your particular circumstances from an independent tax advisor.
Copyright Barclays Bank PLC (2021). All rights reserved. No part of this publication may be reproduced or
redistributed in any manner without the prior written permission of Barclays. Barclays Bank PLC is registered
in England No. 1026167. Registered office 1 Churchill Place, London, E14 5HP. Additional information
regarding this publication will be furnished upon request.